In this course, you'll be using Jupyter Notebooks
throughout the course and be working with Python as well.
We'll be working with some fantastic libraries like
the industry standards, NumPy, Pandas, Seaborn,
MatPlotLib for data loading exploration, visualization,
Tensorflow 2.0, Tensorflow Probability,
Aequitas, and Shapley for the machine learning parts of the course as well.
To be able to complete this course,
you need to have intermediate Python skills,
as well as data analysis skills,
and understanding of ETL and machine learning modeling, and evaluation.
This is not an introductory course,
and you should have a solid foundation in these skills before taking this course.
Luckily, Udacity has many fantastic courses in
these areas to get you up to speed for this course.
While this course focuses on Python and Tensorflow,
there are many other tools you might be exposed to while working with AI and EHR.
First, for really big datasets and more computing power,
you might use one of the big cloud providers like GCP, Amazon, or Azure.
Some other popular languages for working with AI in healthcare might include, R,
Julia, and SQL using big data platforms like BigQuery in AWS Athena, or Redshift.
Finally, other popular machine learning packages include Scikit Learn, PySpark, Spark.
What is important, while some of the features that are specific to TensorFlow,
many of the important techniques you'll learn will apply
no matter where or how you create your models.
Finally, I've worked with a few different EHR data systems.
There are actually only a few such as Cerner and Epic.
However, it is unlikely you would be working directly with these systems,
but it's good to know about them.